README.md, before:

# Welcome to Anyfood, Anywhere!

This is a simple web app that allows you to search for any food type (in fact pretty much any product type!) in any location and get back a set of
results displayed both on a map and in list form. It is built using the Yelp search API and will return results from their database.

1. Type in what you want to look for.
2. Type in where you want to look for it (a city or town is best here - countries will not work).
3. Hit enter or click search!

## Heat Map?

Yes, the results will also display as a heat map so you can see which areas are best for your chosen search item! Higher rated establishments will glow brighter than low rated ones,
as will areas with lots of results close together will

## Mobile Use - Filtering

By default the filter and results list will be hidden on smaller mobile devices to allow space for the map. If you want to view the filter and the results list, just click the button under the map.

## Larger Devices - Results List

You can hover over individual results to see where they are - look for the bouncing icon on the map - and clicking on them will center the map on the selected place and pop open an info window.

Commit message:

Readme link to Git Page added

README.md, after:

# Welcome to Anyfood, Anywhere!

This is a simple web app that allows you to search for any food type (in fact pretty much any product type!) in any location and get back a set of
results displayed both on a map and in list form. It is built using the Yelp search API and will return results from their database.

You can view the "finished" site at this [Git Page](https://observermoment.github.io/anyfood-anywhere/)

1. Type in what you want to look for.
2. Type in where you want to look for it (a city or town is best here - countries will not work).
3. Hit enter or click search!

## Heat Map?

Yes, the results will also display as a heat map so you can see which areas are best for your chosen search item! Higher rated establishments will glow brighter than low rated ones,
as will areas with lots of results close together will

## Mobile Use - Filtering

By default the filter and results list will be hidden on smaller mobile devices to allow space for the map. If you want to view the filter and the results list, just click the button under the map.

## Larger Devices - Results List

You can hover over individual results to see where they are - look for the bouncing icon on the map - and clicking on them will center the map on the selected place and pop open an info window.
